Welcome to in3D SDK importer for Unity 

This SDK aims to import avatars of users scanned with apps using in3D scanning technology. 

Using this SDK you’ll be able to import avatars directly into your Unity Project, in Runtime, or as an asset. 

If you are interested in implementing the scanning solution in your app, please apply to our developers’ program at https://in3d.io/#contacts.

Please make sure on the following
 1. You have the latest version of our SDK importer downloaded from asset store
 2. Your Unity version is 2019 or higher 
 
Importing Your First Avatar (Into Runtime) 
 1. Copy the access key of the user from the relevant in3D app
 2. In Assets->com.in3d.sdk.loaders->Samples->Scenes please open AvatarLoading_EmptyScene. 
 3. Press play to activate the scene 
 4. Copy the access key into the form field in the scene 
 5. Click Login
 6. All the avatars of the user are shown in the scene, click on the relevant avatar to import it

Changing Avatar Animation in Runtime
The avatars are rigged to be compatible with any Mixamo animation.
By default, the avatars are imported with Dancing Animation. If you would like to change it in runtime, do the following. 
 1. Open the Hierarchy tab
 2. Click Avatar 
 3. On Inspector look for Glb Loader, Look for Controller and click on SimpleAnimator 
 4. In SimpleAnimator change the animation from “Hip Hop Dancing” to any other animation you want
 
Import Your Avatar from Runtime into your assets 
Once the access key has been entered you can import the avatars not just into runtime scene, but also into your project as saved assets. 
This is how you can do it: 
 1. Run scene and import avatar into runtime 
 2. Open the Hierarchy tab
 3. Click Avatar 
 4. On Inspector look for Glb Loader Look for Avatar and double-click on Avatar info 
 5. Choose to download the avatar as GLB or FBX
 Tip: You can change the avatar id directly from the inspector by changing the id field with the id of the desired avatar
 6. The avatar will be downloaded into Assets/ folder
 
Bonus Scene
We’ve added a bonus scene to illustrate how you can create ultra-personalized content with in3D avatars. 
Under samples, open Macarena Scene. 

